Minor documentation improvements (#8)
Qbox-project/qbox-project.github.io: pages/index.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Introduction

Qbox is a FiveM roleplay framework. This framework strives to be greater and combines with [overextended's resources](https://github.com/overextended) to achieve this greatness. Come witness the greatness and be overwhelmed by it!

<Callout>
  Qbox was created on September 27, 2022.  

>   This project started as a fork of QBCore and it's goal was to make it better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This project started as a fork of QBCore with a goal of making improvements while maintaining backwards compatibility.
```

</Callout>

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome, but we prefer quality over quantity! Please read our [contributing guidelines](https://qbox-project.github.io/contributors) to learn how best to contribute.

## Support

> Support for Qbox is provided for by the community in the support channels of the [Qbox Discord](https://discord.gg/qbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Qbox is provided by the community in the support channels of the [Qbox Discord](https://discord.gg/qbox).
```

> Luckily, Qbox benefits from a great community with varied experience and we encourage everyone to help eachother in a friendly and respectable manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Luckily, Qbox benefits from a great community with varied experience. We encourage everyone to help each other in a friendly and respectable manner.
```
